Add OpenAPI instructions to gRPC JSON transcoding (#26944)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/httpapi.md

Note that the `WriteIndented` JSON setting doesn't apply to server streaming methods. Pretty printing adds new lines and whitespace to JSON, which can't be used with line-delimited JSON.

## Experimental OpenAPI support

> There is *experimental* support for generating OpenAPI from gRPC transcoded RESTful APIs. The NuGet package integrates with [Swashbuckle](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle) and is experimental in .NET 7 to give us time to explore the best way to provide OpenAPI support.

Reviewer: It might help to name the NuGet package alluded to here.  At first it wasn't clear to me if we were talking about [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.JsonTranscoding](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.JsonTranscoding) or [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger] as the package that integrates.  But, maybe everyone else would clue into that right away and it is just me.

> There is *experimental* support for generating OpenAPI from gRPC transcoded RESTful APIs. The NuGet package integrates with [Swashbuckle](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle) and is experimental in .NET 7 to give us time to explore the best way to provide OpenAPI support.

Author: ```suggestion
There is *experimental* support for generating OpenAPI from gRPC transcoded RESTful APIs. The [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger) package integrates with [Swashbuckle](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle) and is experimental in .NET 7 to give us time to explore the best way to provide OpenAPI support.
```

> There is *experimental* support for generating OpenAPI from gRPC transcoded RESTful APIs. The [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger) package integrates with [Swashbuckle](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle) and is experimental in .NET 7 to give us time to explore the best way to provide OpenAPI support.

Author: ```suggestion
There is *experimental* support for generating OpenAPI from gRPC transcoded RESTful APIs. The [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Grpc.Swagger) package:

* Integrates gRPC JSON transcoding with [Swashbuckle](xref:tutorials/get-started-with-swashbuckle).
* Is experimental in .NET 7 to give us time to explore the best way to provide OpenAPI support.
```
